well scientists say they've just found
the best evidence yet that liquid water
is currently present on Mars now as I
said in the last video it's every other
day or so that they're dropping
information that they're finding ice on
a planet on a moon some sort out here in
the solar system and you know most
people were like all right come on
already just go ahead and say it you
know when you you start to say that
you're finding water everywhere and just
ten years ago it was like wherever we
find water there's life you know it's
like that's all been swept into the back
of everyone's brains and since then
they've just been peppering us with
little bits of detail like all right
there was a vast ocean on Mars where did
it go there's massive amounts of ice in
these glacial belts and in the polls and
what they're talking about doing now is
farming this water on Mars our curiosity
has determined that tiny amounts of
water vapor condenses as a liquid in the
planets oil at night and evaporates away
in the morning when the Sun comes around
now in the past they discovered this but
they wrote it all thinking well it's
going to evaporate at night there's no
way that it's ever going to just be
sitting there you know water that they
could just scoop up well now they're
saying that they never took into account
back then how salty the water could be
here in the fact that the water has more
salt in it and that means that it takes
longer forward to evaporate and you know
as I talked in the recent video about
the mountain leaking on Mars and what
are they saying it was it was water and
you start to look at these darker spots
in the daytime that looked like water
was just there and maybe you know that
is the case I mean it even looks like
once scooped into the soil that it's
darker
that its moist you see it's definitely
holding that moisture question is other
pockets certain places low-lying places
unique places that this water is
puddling and mass I mean is there going
to be a day where one of the rover's
just come over a ridge and they finally
say boom Wow here's this lake and we're
like okay you didn't see this all the
other times you've went around this
planet with its bit by bit I know it can
be frustrating but there's nothing more
intriguing than space to me and you
gotta use discernment and once we're at
this for some time you get used to you
know how NASA and the ESA operate and
putting out a little bit by a little bit
but weird sits right now they're saying
they found their best proof of liquid
water on Mars and they're talking about
farming this liquid water that's a game
changer once again I can't stress enough
that moon our moon right there we blow
past all the time why do we not have a
rover on it just instantly beaming back
all this crazy stuff
I'll leave links guys this is ben Dabu
seven eyes to the skies